[WIP]RHDEVDOCS-3856 Establish Jenkins category under the CI/CD (#43039)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/jt-migrating-a-sample-pipeline-from-jenkins-to-openshift-pipelines.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// jenkins/migrating-from-jenkins-to-openshift-pipelines.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="jt-migrating-a-sample-pipeline-from-jenkins-to-openshift-pipelines_{context}"]
= Migrating a sample pipeline from Jenkins to OpenShift Pipelines

> You can use the following equivalent examples to help migrate your build, test, and deploy pipelines from Jenkins to OpenShift Pipelines.

Reviewer: is it relevant to use a `placeholder` for `OpenShift Pipelines` ? This way we can have a different documentation between enterprise and community.

Author: That's an interesting suggestion. I'll leave it to Souvik Sarkar (@sounix000), the primary writer for OpenShift Pipelines, whether to implement that change. If so, he'll do it in a separate doc task.

}
----

== OpenShift Pipelines pipeline

> In OpenShift Pipelines, the equivalent example of the Jenkins pipeline comprises of three tasks, each of which can be written declaratively using the YAML syntax:

Author: ```suggestion
In OpenShift Pipelines, the equivalent example of the Jenkins pipeline is composed of three tasks, each of which can be written declaratively using the YAML syntax:
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> In OpenShift Pipelines, the equivalent example of the Jenkins pipeline comprises of three tasks, each of which can be written declaratively using the YAML syntax:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In OpenShift Pipelines, the equivalent example of the Jenkins pipeline is comprised of three tasks, each of which can be written declaratively using the YAML syntax:
```
`comprises of` is incorrect usage

Author: Updated. Thanks.

}
----

== OpenShift Pipelines pipeline

> To create a pipeline in OpenShift Pipelines that is equivalent to the preceding Jenkins pipeline, you create the following three tasks:

Reviewer: `you create the following three tasks ` replace by `the following three tasks can be created`

Author: Red Hat documentation prefers using the second-person pronoun, "you."

    workingDir: $(workspaces.source.path)
----

> You can combine the three tasks sequentially to form a OpenShift Pipelines pipeline:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can combine the three tasks sequentially to form a pipeline in OpenShift Pipelines:
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.
